Express install stuff.
  package.json
  app.json
  npm install express --save
  npm install nodemon --save
  npm install ejs --save
  npm install socket.io --save


initial simplified - just a board and place tiles 
-DONE-
XX build a player rack area that can hold > 9 tiles
XX build the scrabble bag array of all 100 tiles
XX build a shuffle function to load the bag? 
xx UI :  add the tripleword/doubleword/etc stars in correct places
xx UI :  add bag on screen
xx CODE : have a bag on screen the player clicks on to get their own tiles 
        and removes from the bag array
xx UI :  input to enter playername
xx CODE : resync for a player that drops? reload the board
xx code - remove from rack array when tile placed
xx UI :  input score area for each player - window, scrollable
xx UI :  change button colors for seated players to make it more obvious
xx CODE/UI : dashed border box on drag over
xx       ui/code   add a reset game button
xx       UI : show # remaining tiles in bag
xx        UI :  make score area look better
xx - server side track score text area as well for reconnected player         
xx            CODE/UI : cant get (or move?) tiles if you are not a seated player - check seat.socket?
xx            - seat -    can stop bag tiles
xx                        can stop scores
xx - faster updates on disconnects?
xx   stop spectators from clicking things! - except restart?
xx   disable  score area until its not player join table
xx   disable tile bag click unless your socket has player name
xx   disable choosing a seat if you are already on one...     
xx   CLEAN UP THE PLAYER NAME INPUT TO BE BIGGER AND MORE OBVIOUS. ROUNDED CORNERS ETC
              ALSO add THE FOCUS BIT THAT MOVES THE SCREEN TO it
xx   CODE/UI : click and place a tile 
xx       invisible so we can see whats under the item being dragged?
xx   add cancel to playername input
xx   add cancel to swap input
xx   popup swap - can still click bag, disable that while doing swap
xx   TILE BAG clicked actually to give full 7 tiles (or however many) dont forget to watch for how many tiles are left in bag


-TODO-

!!NEXT - for live playing

..verify reset works right after all this too

bug -                


  refine popup main CSS for player name on small screens
                            tile swap
                            reset game    
  

2        CODE : SWAP TILES have ability to drag tiles from player rack to the bag
                and adds back into the bag array - reshuffle
                swap tiles on click - not enabled when 6 or less tiles left in bag
                make sure to not put swapped tile back into array until after a new one is given
                - so either once one is dropped it opens a div with slots for up to 7 tiles with
                ok and cancel button. ok will take whats in teh temp rack and give that many new opens
                cancel just puts them back in seat[x].lettersinrack

3       reset button - use div like playername and tiles swap instead of the prompt














// stretch - V2 etc

       set name cookie when join table is clicked
        on connect try and get cookie value to 're-seat' if its there. check for next join table and use that seat number
        use the .trigger event to get things kicked off?

CODE/UI : make just one script to build the entire ui vs each div
        update tiles and fade special board areas 
add rooms
add auto scoring
add save game
add chat
CODE : emit error messages to appropriate player(s)
        tile swaps from bag
        cant have more than 7 tiles in rack
        bag empty
        things like that



    



